gh-82129: Provide `__annotate__` method for dataclasses from `make_dataclass` (#122262)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2024-09-18-09-15-40.gh-issue-82129.GQwt3u.rst

Fix :exc:`NameError` happenning on :func:`dataclasses.dataclass` created by
:func:`dataclasses.make_dataclass` with un-annotated fields when

> :func:`typing.get_type_hints` was called on it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fix :exc:`NameError` when calling :func:`typing.get_type_hints` on a :func:`dataclasses.dataclass` created by
:func:`dataclasses.make_dataclass` with un-annotated fields.
```
